fix: Describe migration instructions from `terraform_docs_replace` (#451)
antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform: README.md

### terraform_docs_replace (deprecated)

**DEPRECATED**. Will be merged in [`terraform_docs`](#terraform_docs).

> `terraform_docs_replace` replaces the entire README.md rather than doing string replacement between markers. Put your additional documentation at the top of your `main.tf` for it to be pulled in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`terraform_docs_replace` replaces the entire `README.md` rather than doing string replacement between markers. Put your additional documentation at the top of your `main.tf` for it to be pulled in.
```

To replicate functionality in `terraform_docs` hook:

> 1. Create `.terraform-docs.yml` in the repo root with the next context:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create `.terraform-docs.yml` in the repo root with the following content:
```
